The outline and the filled part of MicPulseOff were both filled. Fixing. (#23021)
microsoft/fluentui: packages/fluentui/CHANGELOG.md

- Fix `Dialog` to keep it open when press click on content and release outside @yuanboxue-amber ([#22849](https://github.com/microsoft/fluentui/pull/22849))
- Align Avatar `font-weight` between v0 and v9 @annabratseiko ([#22822](https://github.com/microsoft/fluentui/pull/22822))
- Fix `Pill` to be selectable by keyboard @chpalac ([#22839](https://github.com/microsoft/fluentui/pull/22839))

> - Fix `MicPulseOff` outline path to align with Figma @sfilipi ([23021](https://github.com/microsoft/fluentui/pull/23021))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Fixing the `MicPulseOff` outline path to be what's in the Figma file, it is currently the value of the filled icon @sfilipi ([#23021](https://github.com/microsoft/fluentui/pull/23021)
```

> - Fixing the `MicPulseOff` outline path to be what's in the Figma file, it is currently the value of the filled icon @sfilipi([23021](https://github.com/microsoft/fluentui/pull/23021))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixing the `MicPulseOff` outline path to be what's in the Figma file, it is currently the value of the filled icon @sfilipi ([23021](https://github.com/microsoft/fluentui/pull/23021))
```
